"Innish, you are renowned as the Pema-kara, or Pema-yune, or Pema-sama. Renowned. It is
renowned from the beginning of time, until now. It is continually renowned, continually
shining, and continually guiding, and never left us, never left after us. It is always
this. Whether we know, and whether we don't, whether you could, whether shine, and whether
rain, it is all time. This nature, whether shine or whether rain, 24 hours a day, seven
days a week, day and night, it is here. That is the beauty of this nature. It is renowned.
Because the renowned, what the God is standing, it is free from the conceptions, free from
the combined, compounded things. That is what it is. And then here, many, many, one after
another, a great teacher, taught a lot of sport quotations. It is similar, all pointing
out exactly the same, this beautiful God, this beautiful nature that we interpret. Therefore,
it is a reason, it is worthwhile, it is a reason to be ourselves, happy, joy, with competence,
with determination, then explore and glorify this beauty, this nature. It is our very
responsibility
of this life. That is love. It is love. It is compassion. It is wisdom. It is intelligence.
It is smart. It is very expert. And it is very practical. This is what this nature is.
So good, so special. It is also very knowledgeable, consideration of things, respect and
appreciation
to everyone. Everyone is welcome within this nature, because everyone has this nature.
No one is strange, the aliens from this nature. Everyone inherited such a beautiful, simple,
unique. It is simple, it is unique, it is beautiful, it is rich. This is what this nature is. And
this beautiful nature is then, again, here, I mentioned yesterday, the great Master explained,
and we recognize this beautiful nature, then we have to activate this, activate this. Recognizing
and not activating, this is not, then, we're not really bringing the beauty and the richness of
this
too much. Even though this beautiful nature is guiding us all the time, time, but we're not
getting full power, full explained qualities. Therefore, we have to activate this. Activate
is then practice. As I said yesterday, about through the recognizing of the body and the
channel structures and wind, and then as well as essence element of body, and exactly the same,
those instructions. We need more practical instructions, and then we practice this.
Practicing is activating, practicing is glorifying, practicing is revealing our beauty
nature, the beautiful nature. It is therefore, it is joyous. I said the other day, it's something
joyful, not just boring, tiring and drugging that, but it is a beauty, right? Beautiful. Not just a
beauty, but it's getting joyer, joy, good, better, best. That's what it's going better, deeper and
deeper and wider, then whole thing is blow up as a great joy status. This is what he said in one of
the teaching here, I think he said, it's every, the whole pervasive joy, happy, fierce. This is
the goal of the Vadiyana practice. Not narrowly connected, kind of, pacifically divided, something
joy and happiness we're looking. We're looking at the entire, the cosmic joy and peace, happiness.
That joy begins from our heart. That blessfulness begins from our heart with Asugad Moojapayama
Samadhi. There'll be this beautiful potential of the nuclear of the Western solid that we all
inherited. That is the focal point. And that is the focal essential, let that prevail to every, our
perception and conceptions. Not our conception and perception, now ruled by all this itsy bitsy,
busy, kind of like this duality and fabrication taught, taught in the narrow, this and that. For
most, kind of like climbing on the sand mountains. This is what we are now, most time, this. This
is
the conception. That is, the deluded us and the deceived us. And that's what one most of the
carried with this abhiji practice. This generally ourself, when we're looking to ourself, I'm
making
one talk to you here, but it's really, it's kind of more and more is true in the teaching set too.
How our nature of the ego is, if it's good for us, we have to make such a big effort. We have to
have
courage, commitment, confidence, effort's good, good for us. We have to make that effort. If it's
not good for us, we don't have to make any effort. It goes so easy. It's so, it goes there. We don
't
even have to make effort. It's just a case. So smooth. And we just kind of swing on that. But look,
this is in the teaching set too. You lead to ourself. I mean, you lead to ourself. If it's really
good
for us, we have to make big effort. We have to have courage. We have to have confidence. We have
to have all the motivations geared up to bring something is really good for us. But if it's not
good for us, as I said, we don't have to make any effort. And we feel happy with that, actually. We
feel happy. These are things too. So for example, medicine is so bitter, right? Most of the
medicines
are so bitter. We really don't like to eat that. We like to cover that with what's called chew,
capsules. Capsule something, something we like to eat. But sweet, we don't need to have any color
with that. Just so sweet. It is sweet. But which is good for us? Which is really good? This is just
simple how our attitude, grasping is. This is the world, all of this. And therefore, again, this
explore of this, our beauty, our nature is so special. And this is the world, then. Progress,
our goal is true. Everything starts from here. And then…